New Web package (#491)
eclipse-thingweb/playground: packages/web-new/README.md

### Development mode

> 1. Utilze the command `npm  run dev` which will start the webpack-dev-server in development mode, generate source maps for easier debuging, open your default browser and serve the application.

Reviewer: Noticed two minor typos here:

```suggestion
1. Utilize the command `npm  run dev` which will start the webpack-dev-server in development mode, generate source maps for easier debugging, open your default browser and serve the application.
```
